Enumerating the Database
We can also use SQL injection
attacks to enumerate the database.
We will need this information
as we start to build more
complicated SQL injection payloads.
For example, we need to know column
and table names if we are
going to extract data from them.
This helps us execute a more
surgical data extraction.
Let’s examine some techniques to retrieve
this information from the application.
Our previous login form isn’t suitable
for a demonstration of this
so we’ll turn to debug.php,
which also contains a
SQL injection vulnerability.
We can test if this page is vulnerable
by adding a single quote as
the value of the the id parameter.
This results in an SQL syntax error,
indicating the presence of a
potential SQL injection vulnerability.